lang: add the `.tailcall` calling convention (#1498)
nim-works/nimskull: doc/manual.rst

The `[]` subscript operator for arrays/openarrays/sequences can be overloaded.

Tail Call
---------

A tail call is a routine call that is the very last operation taking place in
a routine's body.

A call is considered a tail call iff:
* it is the *tailing expression* of a `return`, and the `return` is a
  *tailing return*

> * it is the *tailing expression* of a rotine's body

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* it is the *tailing expression* of a routine's body
```

A *tailing expression* is recursively defined as:
* the body of an `if`, `elif`, or `else` branch
* the body of an `of` branch
* the body of an `except` clause for a `try` expression without a `finally`
* the body of a `finally` clause
* the last expression in a statement list, where there's no implicit destructor
  calls at its end and no `defer` statements

Everything not covered by this list is **not** a tailing expression.

For example, in `if a: (if b: c else: d) else: e`, `c` and `d` are the tailing
expressions of the inner if-then-else, whereas `c`, `d`, `e`, and
 `(if b: c else: d)` are the tailing expressions of the outer if-then-else.

A *tailing return* is defined as a `return` that is **not** placed:
* in a `try` body
* in a statement list with implicit destructor calls at its end
* after a `defer` statement in a statement list
* in an `except` clause of a `try` with a `finally` clause

`.musttail` Call
----------------

Since `.musttail` routine calls are always they take over their caller's stack

> frame, some restriction are placed on their arguments:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since `.musttail` routine calls always take over their caller's stack frame,
some restrictions are placed on their arguments:
```

* arguments to `sink` parameters can be arbitrary expressions, as long as
  ownership of the value can be transferred
* arguments to `openArray` parameters must be views into caller parameters or
  globals
* arguments to `var`, pass-by-reference, or pass-by-value-with-overridden-copy-
  operator type parameters must be lvalue expressions derived from caller
  parameters or globals

> * pass-by-value parameters without for whose type `supportsCopyMem` returns
>   `true`` act like `sink` parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* pass-by-value parameters with a type for which `supportsCopyMem` returns
  `true` act like `sink` parameters
```
